Add threading blinky example (#121)
ARMmbed/mbed-os-examples-docs_only: APIs_RTOS/ThisThread_Blinky/README.md

# Getting started with the ThisThread API

> An example implementation of ThisThread that spawns a thread to toggle an LED for 5 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example implementation of ThisThread that spawns a thread to toggle an LED for 5 seconds.
```

> An example implementation of ThisThread that spawns a thread to toggle an LED for 5 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example application showing usage of the `ThisThread` to spawn a thread to toggle an LED for 5 seconds.
```

> Example application showing usage of the `ThisThread` to spawn a thread to toggle an LED for a period of time.

Reviewer: "...the`ThisThread` class...

> Example application showing usage of the class `ThisThread`, spawns a thread that toggles an LED for a period of time.

Reviewer 2: I would expect this information in the html documentation page.

Reviewer 2: But it is fine to have this README file as well

> Example application showing usage of the class `ThisThread`,  spawns a thread that toggles an LED for a period of time.

Reviewer: Is there two spaces before "spawns"?
